fire and rubble and a Race Against Time
to find any
survivors the strike on the jabalia
refugee camp was so powerful that it
uprooted the foundation of this
multistory
building an entire block filled with
residents they were sleeping safely in
their homes children women men elderly
people and the whole building came
crashing down upon their
heads with the blaze still raging
civilians and rescue workers try to save
whomever they
can
axes hammers bare hands they're using
anything they can to reach
deeper then a moment of relief as a boy
is pulled out from the rubble he's
injured he's in a State of shock but he
is
alive the rocket hit this building and
killed the people in their sleep this is
what Netanyahu does but I'd like to say
this to Netanyahu we will not surrender
whatever you do we will reach you be it
above or below the
ground more bodies are carried away
hundreds have been killed in this camp
in dozens of strikes over the past 5
weeks as Israel destroys entire
neighborhoods Palestinians refuse to
leave their homes or what's left of them
Demitri medeno Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer